{
  "title": "Paradigm Design for Grid Cell Study",
  "date": "2016-11-01",
  "image": "/img/grid-city.png",
  "description": "This is my bachelor graduation project in 2016. Inspired by the paper \"<em>Grid-cell representations in mental simulation\"</em> published in August 2016, I was thinking if grid-like representations can be activated given more abstract and simple cues, and can be detected using fMRI. The motivation was to simplify the original experimental paradigm and make it possible to use in wider clinical trails and measurements. I first implemented the navigation task in virtual-reality city using Unity3D, repeated the results in the paper. Then based on my assumption, I designed a modified paradigm using PyQt, which only kept the location relationship in previous task and represented them in 2D plane, without other 3D visual cues. I was awarded Outstanding Graduation Project in June 2017.",
  "tags": ["Grid Cell","fMRI","Raradigm Design","Unity3D","Python","PyQt","Matlab","SPM","DPABI"],
  "fact": "",
  "featured":true
}
This is my bachelor graduation project in 2016. Inspired by the paper "<em>Grid-cell representations in mental simulation"</em> published in August 2016, I was thinking if grid-like representations can be activated given more abstract and simple cues, and can be detected using fMRI. The motivation was to simplify the original experimental paradigm from the paper, in order to make it possible to use in wider clinical trails and measurements. In my graduation project, I first implemented the navigation task in virtual-reality city using Unity3D. By analyzing fMRI signals of subjects conducting the task, we observed the sinusoidal signals as a function of moving direction successfully, which confirmed the recent published discovery of grid cell firing pattern. Then I designed a modified paradigm using PyQt based on my assumption, which only kept the location relationship in previous task and represented them in 2D plane, without other 3D visual cues. we collected fMRI data of 10 subjects and conducted the same analyzation using DPABI and SPM, among which 9 subjects had positive activation. I was awarded Outstanding Graduation Project in June 2017.